Impudent
How dare you touch my disciple
You only say forgive him once
I didn't say I couldn't get rid of him
Not to mention not killing Sun
Send Liu Yiding back to Yaya intact
Otherwise, there is no need for people to exist
Now that you are awake
Don't get up to work yet
It's the land trip to clean up here
Drag this trash out
Prepare a grand wedding for me
How can I promise Xueqing in the first place?
Will handle
And recall the gantry immediately
Everyone else has told the whereabouts of Yaya
Why hasn't he heard from him yet, Enshi?
Master, this person is boiling my body
Is that your face?
ashamed
This kid is having a wedding
Definitely my daughter-in-law
Master, you have to listen to my explanation
In my name, I want the masters of the imperial capital
And the king of the town of Longwan
Go to the ant's wedding banquet together
These people are born from sedimentation
He has long allied with me, the exalted hall master outside the palace
Even if Lou is already a grandmaster
What if it violates the Long family's thighs?
All have to die hahahaha